foreign
[Music]
now then
today's the day
I've only had her eight months but today
we are reviewing her
so as you all probably know by now I own
the wonderful wonderful
Honda
cb125r and I'll just start by saying
I love it
so if you're here wanting a review on
how good it is
a positive review because you're
thinking about buying one
or you just want your ego stroking
because you already own one
stick around
so to start with I just want to go into
the styling on this little Neo Sports
Cafe Racer all you need to do is take
one look at it
and I guarantee
the majority of people will go
that don't even look like a 125.
definitely got some big bike styling so
I'll do a quick walk around not go too
much into anything and we'll get out
riding and I'll go into the specs of it
so up front you've got this lovely large
LED light
just switch it on
so you can see you've got the LED
daylight and then if you come up here
you can flick onto your main B
oh look at that
so you're gonna have no trouble seeing
in the dark that's for a start
we've got this lovely
lovely styling on the tank and the sort
of
tank fairing
with all these little
pointless inlets that do nothing because
they're not air intakes it is all
for sure but I think it really adds to
the bike and it really makes it look
like the other Seabees in the range the
650 and the Thousand you've got a lovely
short tail on it decent sized pillion
passenger seat to be honest whether
you'd want to take anyone on the back of
a one two five that is up to you
and of course if you're only a learner
or you're on a CBT you're not actually
legally allowed to do that anyway coming
to the back you see you've got
the swing arm of all swing arms for your
number plate but tail tidy that
really nice tucked away exhaust
I just think it looks beautiful I'm not
being biased because it's my bike maybe
a little just climb a bald
and as you can see
it's a really nice wide tank which is
what's something you don't really expect
from one two five and again it's because
of these there's nothing in there you
know the tank ends around there but
it gives it that styling it gives it
that
angular shape looks wise I can't fault
it I really can't
and up front here
you can see it's a really nice bright
clear TNT display so you've got
fuel indicator time
revs along the top
nice big mile per hour speed indicator
overall miles you can flick between a
few settings of average mpg you can see
mine's at 104.3 miles per gallon average
at the minute which is outrageous for
your consumption it's brilliant
you've also got gear indicator and it
actually does tell you if your side
stands down so that's a nice little
feature buttons along here for selecting
your different modes but no no extra
riding modes but just a few little
things to flick through there
and also when you switch it on
Let's Ride
so now you've seen the bike let's get
out riding and tell you a little bit
more
boom
so I'll just start by saying the engine
on this little beast is oh man honestly
fantastic it does not miss a beat this
little single cylinder is so good
honestly it's a beautiful little engine
I think to be honest you're always going
to get bulletproof engines when it comes
to Hondas
but this thing is yeah it's pretty
special and to say it's what I decided
on my first bike I think I was very
lucky because I had not done a ton of
research beforehand and from now I just
know that it's I found out since that it
is just fantastic
so we'll get on to the power the little
single cylinder engine
puts out
around
14.7 horsepower at 10 000 RPM which is
the very Max of what you can have for a
CBT as well so they've obviously
intentionally done that so that you're
getting as much
out of the bike as possible on the
restricted license that is the CVT it's
a 125 CC engine probably should have
started with that but
alas it matters not and in terms of
talking us
I believe it puts out 11.6 newton meters
of torque at 8 000 RPM which is again
for a one two five pretty respectable I
can't argue with that whatsoever and to
tell you something in comparison to
other
125s that I've ridden it can get up to
speed it certainly can today we've been
out on the bypass and it got up to 60
and pushed up to 70. just fine I mean
obviously it takes longer than a little
blue for the throttle as I think the
naught to 60 on this is over 10 seconds
as opposed to you know 650 that'll go
North to 60 in about three and a half
seconds
you know what
absolutely no issue at all because when
you're on the Restriction of the CBT
it's going to give you as much as you
can get which cannot be bad
I think the top speed of this thing as
well is
pretty much around 70.
you can push the way if the wind's on
your back and you took in but I'm not
the smallest block and I think well I
think to be honest
I've got to that before
the wind was very much on my back and I
was going down a big hill
so I think you're realistically looking
at 70s you Max
because like I said on the bypass I was
like full Chap and it weren't doing
anything else I think it sat at 67 and
then started to drop
three
so I'll move on to riding position now
it's a Naked Bike it's a one two five
it's not
a sporty riding position which is
probably what you're going to want to
know
in terms of comfort it is fantastic
it's brilliant you could ride this for
hours and hours and hours and you'd be
absolutely fine like I said that we've
been out today a good couple of hours
pushing three hours maybe and my ass is
very much fine in fact my Asters have a
decent amount of padding but
I'm not talking about my aspad and I'm
talking about the bike
so I believe the seat height is 810
which
is quite high for a one two five to be
honest but
I can almost flat foot the bike
completely and I'm five foot nine so
a little bit smaller than that and you'd
you'll be absolutely fine likewise you
know if you're over six foot I do
believe you'll be absolutely fine on
this bike as well
oh these roads are just fantastic
so see how it considered it's got a very
comfortable seat I think so anyway it's
comfortable than other bikes I've sat on
not too firm and like I said you can sit
for ages and it's it'll be absolutely
fine for you no issues whatsoever
your legs aren't too bent they're not
too tucked up but it's just a natural
sort of naked bike riding position it's
probably a little bit more upright than
you know a normal Naked Bike and I do
not feel like there's much of a bend in
my back whatsoever so in terms of
starting off on a bike it's spot on
because your body's in such a natural
position you can focus entirely on how
to handle the bike so learning on it and
growing into it he's spot on and I tell
you something on roads like this this
bike is so fun
this is so fun
your first view of Father puddling check
him out
round
[Laughter]
wonderful
so I'll talk a little bit about the bits
on the bike
got it out myself
so we'll talk about the suspension first
on the rear it's got a single Monoshock
I think it's great it's non-adjustable
but to be honest you don't need it to be
on a bike like this
it absorbs what you need it to it's like
I said again it's comfortable it's not
firm
spot on on the front we've got the 41
millimeter
shower front forks
and they're sweet as a note there they
do exactly what he says on the tin
and it's all you're really going to need
on for sort of suspension on a bike like
this under heavy braking
probably a rarity that you're going to
bottom them out I have recently had a
few issues with them leaking
but I think that's less on the
shower front forks and it's more on
just the winter riding and just getting
great in your bike sometimes things like
that just cannot be avoided
front and rear brakes
perfect for stop stopping power again
all you're really going to need on a
bike like this it is fairly well kitted
out because it's a four and a half
thousand pound bike
brand new
so for a one two five it's a ought to
have some of the good
on it basically it's going hard to
run some of the good
and he does have some of the good
and it is good I believe is it
sissing the
brags that this bike has single disc
front Andrea but again it's so light
that's all you are going to need on this
bike that moves me on perfectly to the
weight of this bike and that is a
fantastic point this bike only weighs
130 kilos and
it looks just like a big bike
it's so easy to maneuver
and especially for a new Rider a bike at
130 kilos that's brilliant because
you're never gonna have to worry about
handling the bike of course 130 kilos is
still a lot so you must consider that
moving your bike around you can't just
fling it about but 130 kilos is better
than you know the bikes that are pushing
200 kilos so very manageable weight for
a first time bike because I've just
previously mentioned it I will mention
probably one of the negatives of icon
very very few I'll just add and that is
just the price tag on it
the model that I'm on the 2019 this was
around four and a half thousand British
pounds to buy from new I believe I got
mine for around 3 800 and that only had
200 miles on it so it almost was a brand
new bike for me and so I got a decent
deal on this
but yeah I believe for the new model you
might be looking at closer to five I'm
not sure I'm not 100 on the new model uh
because that is slightly specked up from
this I believe
the tires the Dunlop tires that this
comes with again
very good tires I've had absolutely no
issues with them so far but they also
had a decent amount of running in now
and you know they've not really letting
go on me once obviously and and it don't
feel like they've ever come close to
letting go on me and I have I definitely
feel confident
um and I think the thing about tires is
as long as you've got the confidence in
the wet that's the main thing and I do
and like I said they've never felt like
slipping I do just want to put in here
though but this bike for a one two five
I personally think that this bike is
phenomenal
I'm not just saying that because it is
my bike
um
but in terms of starting out on a bike
the amount of times I've had had people
say you know that it looks bigger than a
one two five so if you really want if
you really don't want to be seen
as a newbie
then I would highly highly recommend
this bike and the great thing about
Hondas especially these one two fives
they are so sore after that I I think
they just hold the value
perfectly I've had a lot of people
mention
that they've owned this bike and then
sold it after a year
and after a year they've said that
they've just basically sold it for the
money they paid for it which I think is
a Real Testament to the bike and how
good it is because the build quality on
this thing is just Second To None you
always no Honda are going to make good
engines and build quality is always top
of their game
and I'll be honest it really is
they've absolutely nailed it with this
bike and I can I am not surprised seeing
how popular they are I always hear this
thing that mentions that these bikes
the Honda bikes are boring I don't
really like that because this is my
first bike and it's a Honda
[Music]
and I think it is so fun maybe that's
been the nature of a one two five when
you're on any road you can pretty much
accelerate as much as possible but this
bike's not boring
and I 100 guarantee if you went and got
one of these as a first bike or even a
run around you are gonna have fun on it
and I can guarantee that we've just been
through the Dales and on those roads the
roads that are too tight that a 600 will
give you any more
having a one two five at 130 kilo that
is flickable as anything
we'll just do wonders for you you will
have so much fun on it
you may have seen my heated grips on the
bike and I have mentioned them in a
previous video I've gone through
they're not standard to this bike so
they're in aftermarket parts so just
keep that in mind that it doesn't come
with heated grips
doesn't come with things like heated
seat it's a one two five at the end of
the day
and they've put a good amount of money
into making it a very robust very
attractive looking one two five the fuel
consumption on this thing is incredible
I've ridden it for nine months ragged it
a little bit must admit and it's still
saying that my average fuel consumption
is
103.7 miles per gallon it's gonna go and
go and go and it's gonna be absolutely
cheap as chips to fill up at the minute
from empty to full the tank for me is 10
pounds 10 Great British pounds
and to say the fuel capacity on this
bike I believe is a 10.1 liter fuel tank
you you really just cannot go wrong so
all in all as well the gearbox is pretty
good it has a slight issue
when you're in neutral clicking down
into first
it's you've just got to let your clutch
out a slight little bit so that you can
knock down into first but it's not an
issue really
brethren
yes lad
so anyway guys our first review our
first puddling review
comes to an abrupt end
I hope you've enjoyed I hope it's
helpful fingers crossed you those are
you out there with a cb125r will agree
with some of the things I've said let me
know if you've got different opinions on
the bike and let me know if you buy one
but for now I bid you a Jew once again
anyway see in the next one guys peace
also be an absolute God and subscribe
[Music]